samples: cellular: lwm2m_client: add nRF9161DK support (#12252)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/lwm2m_client/provisioning.rst

You must program the :ref:`at_client_sample` sample to your device to control the security tags in the modem.
See `nRF91 AT Commands Reference Guide <AT Commands Reference Guide_>`_ for documentation on each AT command.

> Also, you must provision the bootstrap credentials for the security tag (that you have specified in :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_BOOTSTRAP_TLS_TAG` Kconfig option) to the nRF91 Series modem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you must provision the bootstrap credentials for the security tag (that you have specified in :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LWM2M_CLIENT_UTILS_BOOTSTRAP_TLS_TAG` Kconfig option) to the cellular modem.
```

1. Make the sample programmable to multiple devices by removing all hard coded credentials. This can be done by setting the :ref:`CONFIG_APP_LWM2M_PSK <CONFIG_APP_LWM2M_PSK>` Kconfig option to empty value.
#. Enable bootstrapping using the configuration overlay file :file:`overlay-avsystem-bootstrap.conf`.
   Bootstrapping is required for an LwM2M client to rotate security credentials.

> #. Prepare the production script or steps for your nRF91-based device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Prepare the production script or steps for your nRF91 Series device.
```
